# Facilities-Use-Agreement-Pdf
TEXT CHANGES: (If necessary, reduce the font size to accommodate the page layout on 2   pages. Page two should only be the initials &amp; signature.)  Current: Change to:   Facility access times – events with food service   must add a minimum of 30 minutes setup &amp;   clean up. If you do not need access to the   facility for set-up or clean-up, indicate (n/a).   In the Large Table with rates:   Rental start time* Rental start time (remove asterisk)   Rental end time* Rental end time (remove asterisk)   (*Add setup / clean up time to your start and   end times.)                                                 Maximum Capacity: Sanctuary – 90;   Cottage   – 60; Purpose Room – 20; Ohana – 10   Booking: This signed agreement and the   deposit are required to reserve the date. Full   payment must be made 4 weeks in advance.   There is a 15% cancellation fee, and a 10%   change fee.  You will receive an email   confirmation that your event is booked.   PAGE 2   Do not block any exits at any time. Do not block any exits or stairs at any time.   Leave the room(s) furniture set according to   this standard: Cottage: chairs stacked, tables   folded and stored. Sanctuary: 40 chairs in rows   of 10 with a center aisle.   Put all garbage and recycling from your event   in the bins behind the Garden Cottage.  If it   does not fit into the bins, take it with you.   Sweep/Mop any major spills on the floor. We   will deduct cleaning service fees and/or   deposal fees from your security deposit if you   leave the room in unsatisfactory condition   NO SMOKING is allowed anywhere on the   Home of Truth premises   Changes to THOT agreement form  PROGRAMMING CHANGES:   1. Display date in US format: mm/dd/yy or mm/dd/yyyy.   2. Convert Rental Start time field(s) to drop down starting 9:00 am with half hour intervals   and ending at 7:00 pm.  3. Convert Rental End time fields(s) to drop down starting at 10:00 am with half hour   intervals and ending at 10:00 pm.   4. Change the calculation for “official use” field to be addition instead of subtraction. I will   enter any discount as a negative number. For example  Sanctuary Fee: $300  Official Use -$30  Total: (Calculated) $270
